An excellent way of maintaining the spirituality of the family is by spending quality time
together in the ministry.
We would now like to introduce you to a family from Russia.
They traveled far away to work together in unassigned territory in Siberia.
Their experience confirms how spiritual activities not only build our faith, but can also bring
our family closer to each other.
We are traveling to a very interesting territory.
It is on the shores of Lake Baikal.
From where we live, it is 600 kilometers.
We have so many memories to take home.
The scenery is always stunning in all types of weather.
Here there are beautiful cleaves and valleys.
We cross several mountain passes.
Then we go by ferry.
It felt very strange being in the car while crossing the river.
When we have the opportunity, we witness to people we meet on the way.
Why do sincere people trust the Holy Scriptures?
Please have a look at what it says here.
All Scripture is inspired of God.
We usually serve an isolated territory for a week or more.
We have come to the same place where we were last year.
So we already know a lot about it.
Living in a tent is very different from living in this city.
Here we don't have any conveniences like a toilet or shower.
The only place to watch is in Lake Baikal, which is freezing.
This simple life is like an adventure.
Since we have quite a big group, there are 12 of us.
We have also organized our spiritual routine.
We consider the daily text together and take part in discussing our publications using the
questions.
We have a friendly relaxed atmosphere.
Everybody enjoys it.
Our isolated territory where we are preaching is a rural area.
Here we don't have any prepared maps.
So when we have our meetings for field service, we divide up all taking different streets.
We also think about what clothes to wear.
Experience has shown that our clothes can help us to win over these people.
So we try to dress simply.
We don't wear ties.
The people there are kind, sometimes they even invite us in.
We can have discussions with some of them, sometimes long ones.
There you meet more receptive people than unresponsive ones, and that really is encouraging.
It makes you just want to keep on preaching without stopping.
The trips have helped our son make spiritual progress.
For us as his parents, that is the greatest blessing.
For example, after one of these trips, he became an unbaptized publisher.
This territory is different from what I am used to, so I was worried.
I didn't know what sort of people lived there or what their attitude was towards witnesses,
but after praying when knocking the first door, my fear disappeared.
I was able to place two hundred and seven detracts.
While we were witnessing, we showed the people the addresses in our publications, so that
they could write if they found what they had read interesting.
We usually start witnessing about 12 noon, and we finish around 5 pm, then the relaxation
part of our day begins.
We have a campfire, some games, some music, and fun.
Early in the day, we used our energy in the ministry, and afterwards, we were able to
relax and enjoy each other's company.
So we combine both our ministry and relaxation.
One of the delights of these trips is the fish, the famous Bicol Omo.
These trips really strengthen the unity and our family.
We really have drawn closer together.
It is invigorating and enriches us spiritually.
We experience pure joy from knowing that Jehovah has blessed our efforts.
We feel like we have our batteries charged for the entire year.
It is very encouraging to see such a spiritually focused family, and did you notice that it was
after one such trip that their son became an unbaptized publisher?
And I'm sure that brought much joy to his parents.
Are you interested in a preaching assignment and territory seldom worked?
If so, form a group of no more than 20 publishers and ask the elders in your congregation for
further instructions and an application for territory seldom worked.
Once you have filled out the form, the Congregation Service Committee will review it and submit
it to your local branch.